my babies our Caribbean reef sharks I
love watching their behaviors and their
interactions they appear to me as
different as any other human being that
I encountered some of them are more
dominant as some of them are shy
[Music]
the first time that sharks settled in my
lap and every time she settles in my lap
and I feel her weight over my legs that
is the most amazing feeling and there's
nothing to this day that beats that you
can feel everything about the show you
can feel that is a living breathing
creature that is aware of her
surroundings that is aware of what I am
doing to her that is aware of my touch
and the suit might actually have a nice
feeling to their skin these sharks are
eight feet long
I can never force an animal of that size
to do anything or to sit anywhere it's
their decision to come in it's their
decision to stay it's their decision to
go
[Music]
you